Add a docs page for Prefect Cloud IP Allowlisting. (#15134)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/manage/cloud/manage-users/secure-access-by-ip-address.mdx

---
title: Secure access by IP address
description: Manage network access to Prefect Cloud accounts with IP Allowlists.
---

Prefect Cloud's [Enterprise plan](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) offers IP allowlisting to restrict access to
Prefect Cloud APIs and UI at the network level by giving users the ability to manage an explicit list of allowed IP addresses for an account.

To get started, use the Prefect CLI to add an IP address to the allowlist:

> <Note>To help prevent accidental account lockouts, updates to an allowlist requires the requestor's current IP address to be on the list.</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>To help prevent accidental account lockouts, an update to an allowlist requires the requestor's current IP address to be on the list.</Note>
```

```bash
prefect cloud ip-allowlist add <your-ip-address> --description "My home IP address"
```

> The allowlist has a limit to how many entries can be added; 

Reviewer 2: i think the limit should be included here

Author: I omitted it thinking it might be nice in-case it changes in the future. the CLI should surface the exact limit from the server once you try to pass it...

... 😅 whoops looks like a small change i made is swallowing that now - PR to fix that https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/15137

and yeah I'll go ahead and add the limit in here 👍

however in addition to individual IP addresses, a range of IP addresses can be added as a single entry using CIDR notation:

```bash

> prefect cloud ip-allowlist add "192.168.1.0/24" -d "A CIDR block containing 256 IP addresses from 192.168.1.0 to 192.168.1.255"

Reviewer 2: nice

```

Next, enable the allowlist for your account to start enforcing the restrictions:

```bash
prefect cloud ip-allowlist enable
```

Individual entries can also be toggled on or off:
    
```bash
prefect cloud ip-allowlist toggle <ip-address>
```

> Once enabled with at least 1 enabled IP entry, the allowlist will be enforced for all incoming requests to Prefect Cloud from the UI and API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once turned on with at least one enabled IP entry, the allowlist will be enforced for all incoming requests to Prefect Cloud from the UI and API.
```
